As an Individual, what are your strengths and weakness and how will they impact you as a PhD student?
I feel that I’m a good written communicator. My existing academic and professional work demonstrates an ability to put forward ideas clearly and concisely. I think this will help me manage the weight of information my PhD research needs to cover and the challenge of producing an effective thesis. 
My greatest strength is my ability to deal with the unexpected. When a member of our debating team dropped out at the last minute, I volunteered to take on her role. With help from my teammates I used the journey to research and prepare. Although I could have done better with more time, the key result was that we didn’t forfeit and still managed to gain several places in the standings. I know this role will involve unexpected situations where I’ll be expected to adapt and respond quickly, so I think I have a lot to offer.”
Weakness: 
“I sometimes have problems knowing when to ask for help. For example, when I was doing application upgrade tried out an unfamiliar technique and ended up making a mistake. If I had asked for a demonstration from my team lead beforehand I’d have saved myself some repeated work. I’m glad to be a person who takes initiative, but since then I’ve been much more careful about judging when I need to stop and get advice. I know I’ll have a lot of individual responsibility in this role, so it’s really important to me.”

Where do you see the future of information technology going and where do you see yourself in this mix after obtaining PhD- from Univ of cumberlands?
I see the future of information technology with virtual reality, AI, Machine learning, more automation and Internet of Things, I hope to be working in all these fields, that enables me to utilize my talents and work closely with my colleagues in solving important problems. I see myself taking on new and exciting challenges in an enjoyable environment and I feel my PhD project can open up new lines of inquiry for this field and want to use it as the foundation for a fruitful research career. But, I’m also interested in the wider development opportunities included in this doctoral programmer. I want to be an academic, but I’m happy to keep other options open.

