asd








PhD Written Component
Naresh Kumar Methuku
ID: 002855537
University of the Cumberlands
02/22/2019






Introduction: 
As an Information Security Consultant with a background of computer science in Master’s Degree, I am always eager to learn more in this field of study. The reason being is with the rapid development of the digital world and the power what it can do to any organization. In the today’s world with huge amounts of data (>yottabytes) being generated from multiple ways, this resulted in the lack of the professionals to put the control procedures and secure the systems. There are many security breaches that happened in 2018 which cost the organizations millions to billions of dollars. The end goal is to protect the systems and secure the sensitive data with every possible security measures which will ensure that information is not placed in the wrong hands (hackers) because DATA is MONEY in today’s world.
What are your research interests in the area of Information Technology?
	With the recent emergence of the automated machines like robots taking over the human jobs and increase in the number of IT systems, cloud and connected services is rapidly increasing and it is projected to explode in the very near future and there is high risk about the data being transferred or communicated between the systems and make sure the sensitive data should not be exploited to the people other than the right individuals. Since the automation in today’s world is all time high and expected to grow exponentially. I am interested to research about the Security measures and the controls that involve regarding Internet of Things (IOT) Security and the combination of the Artificial Intelligence and Cyber security areas. 
	The Internet of Things (IOT) is currently part of many enterprises and it is expected to increase constantly where the cyber security professionals are ready or not. To prevent the future cyber-attacks the organizations should adopt the growing environment and invest in the practice of cyber security research and development which would result in principled performance for a better decision making.
Why are you inspired to possibly research in this area and/or why do you think it is important to research this area?
	As the current industry is experiencing with security breaches from all corners possible, many laws and regulations are getting very strict such as PCI, NIST, FISMA, COBIT, HIPAA, ISO, GDPR etc. With all this keeping in mind, I want to be the part of the next generation individual where there is a lack of such professionals in the technology industry and implement the necessary steps to secure and protect the data.
	As a security professional I want to expand my knowledge in this amazing field with alllcv the possible ways and obtaining a PhD degree in Information Technology will be my top priority where I can gain the firsthand experience and knowledge.








References
https://www.cshub.com
